# SoftwareSecurity

The client is Artemis Financial and they are seeking a way to protect their software from those with malicious intentions. Artemis Financial handles customers’ financial plans. This means that their customers’ privacy is of the highest concern. Finding the client’s software vulnerabilities was quite a fun process. I think the thing I did best when finding Artemis Financial’s vulnerabilities was spotting the false positives in the list. Although most vulnerabilities were correct, there were a few that had prior defects in the software but were fixed in the newer versions. Secure coding can help keep a company's assets safe. Properly secured software increased the well-being of a company by many folds. There are seven different main areas of security. Solving all of these areas can create a firm foundation for a company to operate. The most helpful part of the vulnerability assessment was that all vulnerabilities had clear and concise reasons for being a vulnerability. These vulnerabilities ranged from misused data injections to misused data validation. The layers of security that I helped Artemis Financial with were server/client, error checking, and cryptography. The server/client is in the form of HTTPS. Error checking was done by making sure the cryptographic algorithm was correct and if not throwing a NoSuchAlgorithmException error. Lastly, the MD2 algorithm was used to help encrypt data for Artemis Financial. The best method I have found to assess vulnerabilities was through the maven dependency check. This dependency check delivered all dependencies to an HTML file and compared them to the NVD database for validation and vulnerabilities that lie within. Dynamic testing was the foremost method I used to make certain my code and software application was functioning and secure. Since the server was made on an HTTPS, the software application will have the basic security of an HTTPS website. Running a new dependency check allowed me to check whether additional vulnerabilities were added along with the refactored code. The resource I used the most was the NVD database. This database will be very helpful for future assignments and tasks that I undergo. There were a few different areas of security covered in Project Two. These areas of security were client/server, cryptography, and error handling. I will explain and show to employers how I assessed each area in my code. An example is how I developed an HTTPS server using the application.properties of a spring-framework application.
